# What we did for this project
## _What is this project:_
  In the world of input devices for games, there can be many different factors in why a user may choose a particular one. This study aims to understand different controllers and features that lead to higher success rates and frustration levels for users when playing a rhythm game. To learn more you can look at our [Readme.md](https://github.com/csu-hci-projects/SP24-Are-You-Sure-Thats-The-Right-Controller-Gauging-Frustration-Success-Rate-In-Rhythm-Games-Based/blob/WhatWeDid/Readme.md)
## _Contributions:_
  - **Andy**: led the main programming effort and design of the game. He was able to implement the Xbox controller and keyboard.
  - **Eryn**: helped with implementing another more complex stage and the final test for users. She was able to implement the PlayStation Controller.
  - **Ziyang**: helped the paper with the abstract, methodology, future works, conclusion, and acknowledgments. He also recorded a demo of how to play the game.
  - **Britta**: helped with solving technical issues with Github, added a data collection portion to the game, created the User Consent Form, and analyzed the data that was collected with Eryn. 
## _Journey:_

### Struggles:
  - **Britta**: What I struggled with during this project was getting the Wii remote to work from Week 4 - 11. When I was researching how to use the Wii remote I discovered there were [multiple different ways](https://answers.microsoft.com/en-us/windows/forum/all/how-to-connect-wii-remote-to-windows-11/20d5b074-73d8-4a79-871f-37831d7cbc42) to connect it, however, I choose to try and implement it via Bluetooth to avoid having to carry the sensor which was another solution while working on debugging it. Afterward, I researched different ways to implement the Wii remote and conclude to try both the [HIID Wiimote library](https://www.julianloehr.de/educational-work/hid-wiimote/) and following along with [this video by user **hio Man**](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LHbRlL8SBgE). I initially tried following how **hio man** implemented the Wiimote, however quickly ran into issues where after downloading the extension and then package it still wouldn't pick up the in the code and even checking if all the import lines and necessary libraries, files and other things were present still couldn't figure out what were the issues. I tried to redownload it from scratch a few times but stopped after two weeks when I wasn't making progress. I then tried **HIID Wiimote library**, however in the middle of getting this implemented we talked about timelines as a team and determined it wasn't worth trying to implement further. Even if it was successfully implemented it potentially wouldn't work with how we had already implemented the PlayStation and Xbox remotes. So we scrapped it. 
- **Andy**: The thing that I struggled with was mapping the Xbox controller to the right button and arrow. There were a lot of buttons and they were not labeled in Unity so I had to look up a guide and guess which one was which and test them out. In the end, I was able to map the correct button to the right button on the Xbox Controller. I also had trouble with storing the collected data when the participant finished the game and Britta helped with that.
- **Ziyang**: I was struggling with the paper. Since this is my first time writing this type of paper, I don't know how to start and what I need to do. I searched for many sample essays and repeatedly watched Richi's slides, which introduced the do's and don'ts we should do in each section. These really helped me solve my problem.
